---
layout:     post
title:      A Letter
date:       2020-05-04 12:32:18
categories: English
thumbnail: poem
---

This poem is a letter to a person who somehow inspired me in all the stages of life. So, here we go:  

Dear Sibling,  
It's been many years now since you've been haunting this world / Ok, jokes apart; you're a pearl /   
Always shining; bringing light / Keeping the candle of our life alight. /  
That's too much, right.   
So, let's bring you back to grounds, / When you were away, the truth has been found.   
That you were picked up from a sewer out of pity / See, that's why you're not that pretty. /   
I understand you must be in a shock right now, / and this truth can't be change anyhow. /   
But you made us all proud so that thing has been compensated. / All those dreams that you were seeing of inheriting some property must've been faded. /    
---------------------------------   
The thing that I cannot forget / that you were with me, no matter how worse the problem gets. /   
You inspired me at every step somehow / I still remember the moment, when you were teaching me biology, and I was just crying out.  
Well, we have shared many moments together, / whether it be getting scolded by Mumma or me eating all the Bourbons without leaving any for you;   
you see, that much I love you.   
Whether it be the conversation over the phone or at the railway station at night / you have always guided me right.  
And, it's difficult now to end this post / as we have so many memories and too much to roast.   
So, I just leave this here,   
"To be continued on 04/05/2021".  
  
Wishing you a very Happy Birthday!  
Enjoy your day! (if you can without me. xD)  