---
layout:     post
title:      Landline
date:       2020-04-27 12:32:18
categories: English
thumbnail: poem
---

Sitting at the corner of a room, or maybe at some stand,  
I had always loved to rest and be at one place  
Without moving here and there along with humans  
I would've hated if they were able to take me to the bathroom.  
Oh, that shitty smell!  
But I stayed in a clean place :-)  
I also liked to wear some clothes. / Some people purchased readymade clothes for me while others arranged something from their home itself.  
I also had a partner, people called her, the "phonebook".  
We were so dependent on each other back at that time.  
It always gives me immense pleasure to reminisce about her.  
I used to call her, "Alphabets", as she had all the alphabets written on her body, visible to the outside.  
I still remember when that teenage girl in my home who used to come to me as soon as granny leaves the home. / She used to come with a chair to make herself comfortable.  
And, that were my terrible hours. I had to work continuously for 3-4 hours listening to her chatter. / Although, it was fun to know about different humans. "Their secrets;"  
And I can reveal a little secret now maybe, / some people used to give me a fake duty to stay away from the misery.  
Well, that was years ago.  
That teenage girl grew up, got a cellphone, and stay somewhere else.  
I am off duty all the time. People prefer to text rather than sticking to long conversations.  
Granny also got a cellphone and always keep it with herself.   
And now, I am in that corner of the house with some other useless items.  
Well, still resting!  