---
layout:     post
title:      The Day my Hope was Restored
date:       2020-04-26 12:32:18
categories: English
thumbnail: poem
---

*Saturday Morning: 2:00 AM*  
I was rejected.  
After sitting for 7 hours  
Going through different rounds  
Clearing many  
I didn't get the job.   
I was walking back to the hostel  
Slowly;  
Shirt pulled out  
Climbed the stairs  
Slowly;  
Reached my room, locked it from inside  
And looked at the mirror  
With total contempt.  
*Phone rang*  
Mother calling,  
"Beta, how was it ?"  
I was silent. She understood.  
And like always, she told me not to worry & take a good sleep.  
But I couldn't.  
...........  
*Saturday Afternoon: 1:15 PM*  
I woke up, made some coffee.  
And took a sip.  
With a feeling of disdain.  
Well, this was not the first rejection.  
I had many. And now, I was tired.  
I tried to open my book to study  
As there was something scheduled for the next day  
But I couldn't.  
I decided to shut it.  
And went for a walk outside in hope for some motivation.  
The weather was beautiful.  
I was enjoying my walk, but suddenly I saw a dog  
Struggling with his wounded leg,  
I tried to help, but he got scared & started moving fast hurting himself.  
I decided to stop & go my way  
And returned to my room after seeing the sunset.  
No motivation at all. Lied on my bed, staring at the fan, I slept.  
...........   
*Sunday Morning: 5:00 AM*  
Felt a sudden urge to go and see the sunrise.  
It rained last night, so the sunrise was pleasant,  
Birds chirping, petrichor emanating from drying grass,  
That sunrise gave me something / maybe a fortunate stroke of serendipity  
I went downstairs for breakfast; And with a cup of tea,  
I went outside. And I saw a dog chasing the birds.  
And I realized that it is the same dog that I saw a day before;  
Although, his leg was still wounded  
But despite that despondency, he was HAPPY.  
And he was moving on.  
That day.  
That Sunday Morning.  
I got my hope restored.  